Happy New Year everyone!
Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai here!
2017 was a year where
I got to go to events
Appear in a commercial
And managed to pass 1 million subscribers
It was a year of leaps and strides!!
In 2018...
I'll keep trying my best
To connect with more people
So please keep supporting me!!
Alright, cut, cut!
Aaah...
What happened, everyone?
[ Baby Ai ]
*baby noises*
[ Big Sister Ai ]
Uh huh, uh huh...
"Let me greet everyone too!"
[ Big Sister Ai ]
Is what she's saying...
[ Opportunistic Ai ]
Yep, yep! That's right, that's right!
Might as well have everyone do it!
[ Opportunistic Ai ]
A year amounts to its start!
(saying)
[ Positive Ai ]
My theme for this year is...
Try hard!
[ Positive Ai ]
If you try hard you can change yourself
If you try hard, you can change the world!
Hold up, hold up!
Everyone's being too free!
It's the year's very beginning
We have to be more serious about this!
[ Negative Ai ]
Well, that might be right, but...
For our channel...
[ Negative Ai ]
I don't think that's what people come here for...
We should be more...
[ Negative Ai ]
Like, laid back...
I reckon we can just do it without really having to care...
Mmmm...
Really...?
[ Sexy Ai ]
Are you all eating them...?
Kelp rolls
[ Mama Ai ]
That doesn't make sense
Using a sexy voice doesn't validate what you're saying!
[ Mama Ai ]
Well, either way
We should all properly greet everyone at some point, no?
[ Opportunistic Ai ]
Right, right!
Let's greet everyone together!
You're right, I guess
Alright everyone, line up, line up!
A.I.Channel~!
In 2018, Kizuna Ai will, as a YouTuber
Try even harder!
[ Sexy Ai ]
Stuff like that...
[ Opportunistic Ai ]
And stuff like this...
[ Mama Ai ]
I'm going to challenge myself to do all kinds of stuff!
[ Negative Ai ]
...While putting less effort in when possible...
[ Positive Ai ]
No, no!
I'll always be trying 100% hard!
[ Baby Ai ]
*baby noises*
[ Big Sister Ai ]
Yep, yep!
We want to continue...
[ Big Sister Ai ]
Making videos that everyone enjoys!
And so, for 2018...
Thank you in advance!!
That's it!
This was Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai!
Looking forward to our year together!
Translated by Wolvenspud and Vortex